<!-- loiof9111c8b58034bdcb848c24829c3e0f5 -->

# On-Demand To On-Premise Connections

Configure the physical connections for on-demand to on-premise calls in the Cloud Connector.

Adjusting the number of physical connections for this direction is possible both globally in the Cloud Connector UI \(*Configuration* \> *Advanced*\), and for individual communication partners on cloud side \(*On-Demand To On-Premise* \> *Applications*\).

Connections are established for each defined and connected subaccount. The current number of opened connections is visible in the Cloud Connector UI via *<Subaccount\>* \> *Cloud Connections*.

The global default is 1 physical connection per connected subaccount. This value is used across all subaccounts hosted by the Cloud Connector instance and applies for all communication partners.

In general, the default should be sufficient for applications with low traffic. If you expect medium traffic for most applications, it may be useful to set the default value to 2.


> ### Note:  
> An exact traffic forecast is difficult to achieve. It requires a deep understanding of the use case and of the possible future load generated by different applications. For this reason, we recommend that you focus on subsequent configuration adjustments, using the Cloud Connector monitoring tools to recognize bottlenecks in time, and adjust Cloud Connector configuration accordingly.



<a name="loiof9111c8b58034bdcb848c24829c3e0f5__section_ocz_dbs_rdb"/>

## Tunnel Worker Threads

In addition to the number of connections, you can configure the number of *<Tunnel Worker Threads\>*. This value should be at least equal to the maximum of all individual application tunnel connections in all subaccounts, to have at least 1 thread available for each connection that can process incoming requests and outgoing responses.



<a name="loiof9111c8b58034bdcb848c24829c3e0f5__section_jpr_2bs_rdb"/>

## Protocol Processor Worker Threads

The value for *<Protocol Processor Worker Threads\>* is mainly relevant if RFC is used as protocol. Since its communication model towards the ABAP system is a blocking one, each thread can handle only one call at a time and cannot be shared. Hence, you should provide 1 thread per 5 concurrent RFC requests.

> ### Note:  
> The longer the RFC execution time in the backend, the more threads you should provide. Threads can be reused only after the response of a call was returned to SAP BTP.

